Cool sketch.
Thanks.
You're Silvi's brother, right?
Yeah.
Can you do me a favor?
Give this to your sister.
What's that?
A letter.
A love letter?
Give it to her yourself.
What's up?
He wants to give a love letter.
To whom?
You don't think it's for me, do you?
Oh, my God, Panca!
A love letter in this day and age?
You think this is like applying for a job?
Text me, or talk to me directly.
-Can I?
-Of course.
But I don't know whether
I'll accept your confession or not.
Are you going to talk?
Woosh!
And the hero's dead.
Is recess over already?
But it's only been five minutes.
What's going on?
Kids, classes are cancelled today.
Go straight home, don't go anywhere else.
What's going on, sir?
There's a riot.
We don't know how bad it is.
Come on now! It's important
that all of you go home immediately!
Avoid the crowds on the street.
Yes, sir.
-Be careful, you're Chinese!
-Edwin! Win! Edwin!
Come on, walk faster.
-Why the rush?
-Hurry up!
-Silvi, let me take you home!
-No need, we can go by ourselves.
-It's not safe! Get in the car!
-No need!
-Go ahead without me.
-Yes, sir.
-Why are you here?
-I'm coming with you.
-No need.
-I'm coming!
This bus is not going to our street.
It's fine, I know where to get off.
Have you tried calling Mom and Dad?
The number you have reached
is not available.
Their phones are off.
I hope they're home.
OWNED BY NATIVES
There's a Chinese!
Get out, you pig!
Get down!
Get out, you Chinese!
Close the door! Close the windows.
Get out!
Go, Mr. Driver!
Hey, fuckers! Get out of the bus!
Get out!
-Sis!
-Silvi!
Shut up!
Silvi!
-Shut up!
-No!
-They are my friends!
-Shut up!
They are my friends!
Don't touch my brother!
No one's touching your brother!
-Please, sir. They're my friends!
-You fool!
You fool!
Shut up!
No!
Silvi!
-Silvi.
-What's with you?
What do you want?
Are you a Chinese too?
No, I'm not, sir.
Then why are you defending them?
Panca!
You brat!
Now...
Get out of here.
Panca.
Scram!
-Silvi.
-Panca...
Get out or I will kill you!
-Panca!
-Shut up!
Quick, strip her! Hurry!
-Fuck you!
-Sis!
Sis!
Sis...
Hey! Slant-eye!
Don't go there! It's dangerous!
To hell with you!
Mom! Dad!
Dad! Mom!
Mom!
PIGS
CHINESE EVIL PIGS
STEALING OUR WEALTH
Due to the bombing on New Year's Eve,
several social experts
warn about the possibility
of another big riot happening
between community groups in some
of the high-risk areas in the country.
Social observer, Haryono Sungkono
said that the clashes
between two social groups in the east
of the city can't be taken lightly.
GO BACK TO CHINA, BASTARDS!
RELIGIOUS WORSHIP DOES NOT KILL
Equality!
Stop racism!
Social justice!
For us all!
Anti-discrimination!
We're all the same!
-Slant-eyes!
-Fuck you!
Police!
MISSING
ODY NUGROHO
THORN HIGH JAKARTA
Our students are not like any other.
They need strict teachers.
I've been teaching in five high schools
for the past two years
as a substitute teacher.
Five schools in two years?
Why do you keep moving around so much?
I moved whenever the school
no longer needed a substitute teacher.
Well, you're lucky because
we are extremely understaffed right now.
Many of our teachers resigned.
Why is that?
It's not the students' fault,
if that's what you're thinking.
As adults, we have to show
that we're the ones in authority,
and then the kids will leave us alone.
The only thing they're afraid of right now
is being sent here and having to face me.
Because they know I wield authority.
If I get them expelled
without a letter of recommendation,
the other schools won't accept them.
I will keep that in mind.
Your name is Edwin?
-Just Edwin?
-Yes, sir.
Do you have a last name?
Just Edwin.
When I read your application letter,
I didn't know that you were...
Chinese?
Chinese Indonesian.
I hope that won't be a problem for you.
I may be the only person here
who doesn't care about racial differences.
My father is from the east,
and my mother is from the western region.
My children-in-law are from here,
from the north, the south...
But none of them are Chinese.
Edwin, I'm on your side.
I'm just worried that
you could get into trouble here.
This is Class 3F, right?
Can't you read?
-You're from Class 3F?
-Yes.
Why are you outside?
Who are you?
I'm your new homeroom teacher.
What happened to Mr. Yakub?
No idea. You should know.
No, why should I?
Am I his family?
Weirdo.
Good morning.
I'm your new homeroom teacher.
Please take your seats.
Dropping stuff like shit.
What did you say?
My name is Edwin.
You don't have to call me "sir"
if you don't want to.
Why don't you use your real name?
Like Tan Jung Ho or whatever.
Edwin is my real name. What's yours?
Tan Jung Ho.
You're Toni?
I'm Toni.
If you're in Toni's seat,
then you're Reihan?
That'll be me.
That means none of you
are sitting in your assigned seats.
Are you here to teach or joke around?
Do you talk to your parents like that too?
And you're wondering why they hate you?
I know kids like you.
Always angry, and you don't even know why.
Maybe it's because your father beats you.
Because he thinks you're a hopeless case.
Bad grades, slow learner,
a complete troublemaker, right?
-How did he know?
-Shut up!
Okay, settle down. Let's continue.
I will also be teaching arts.
I know many of you don't appreciate art,
but what I want to teach is...
I could find out who threw this
if I wanted to.
But never mind, I already know who did.
Must be a wimp.
Such a lame-ass throw.
Come to me when you need help, okay?
There's no reception here.
The signal is scrambled
so the kids can't use their phones.
It's hard to control them.
They always use it to cheat.
Actually, I wanted to check the time.
I don't have my watch on me.
I'm Diana, I work here too.
-Edwin.
-The principal told me about you.
How was your first day?
Not so bad, no one died.
No one died.
How bad was your first day?
Well, no one died either.
But they did make me cry.
-What did you do before?
-I'm in a rush. Let's talk tomorrow.
Okay, tomorrow then.
Buy me something.
How do you know?
-Hey! Put your foot down! It's dirty!
-Watch your feet!
-Relax!
-I'll wipe it with your mustache!
Look. It's the pig. What does he want?
He's been standing there for 15 minutes.
How disgusting! What a pervert!
I bet he's looking for students
to fuck with.
Let's just go. Let's hunt some pigs.
Jef, want to hunt some pigs?
Yes.
I'm not afraid.
-Are you sure he's Chinese?
-I swear. I saw him clearly.
See?
Where do you think you're going?
Where are you going? Don't run, bastard!
Get him out.
Fucker.
Pig!
Have you ever been hit by a car?
What do you want with me?
Stay still.
Pig's blood.
Evening, sir.
What's your name?
Name?
Edwin.
Someone here needs to cheer up.
It's Edwin!
Edwin!
Cheer up!
Come on, Edwin!
Did that startle you?
No one is allowed to be sad in this place.
Look around! No one is sad, right?
Are you an artist?
I'm a teacher.
High school teacher?
Thorn High.
Thorn High...
The school for all the delinquents?
But you're Chinese.
Isn't it dangerous to teach there?
Beer only won't do.
Bottoms up.
Did you pay for his drink?
Hey!
Wash your hands.
Whatever!
Hey!
Who are you?
You want to stab me?
Go ahead.
Let's just go.
Fucker.
You'll die.
Fucking dog.
Can you stand up?
You're in my class, right?
What's your name?
Khristo.
Where do you live? Let me take you.
No, thanks.
Edwin.
How are you today, sis?
Have I ever not been great?
I've been a good sister to you, haven't I?
I've raised us, even without our parents.
You're more than good, sis.
You're the best sister in the world.
You have to find him.
Who?
My son.
I've tried, but I couldn't find him.
I only know he's a high school student
in East Jakarta.
You have to find him, Edwin.
Tell him...
I'm sorry.
that I love him.
I want to rest.
Don't cry.
I'm not crying.
Get some rest.
We'll look for him together.
I promise.
We're arriving at the station...
For those who... Please be prepared.
Don't forget to check
your belongings again.
Thank God Mr. Edwin was there.
I told you to stay at my place.
What if this happens to you again?
Did the pigs beat you up last night?
-Yes.
-Fuck!
How did it happen?
I was on my way home from Rangga's place.
Suddenly, they grabbed me
and threw me into their car.
They took me to Chinatown.
Fucking shit!
-Let's finish them off, Jef.
-We have to avenge him.
Good morning!
Meet me after school. Don't go anywhere.
The fucker's here.
Please take out your drawing paper.
I want you to remember
the most interesting thing
that happened to you this morning,
and draw it.
Why aren't you drawing?
You don't have drawing paper?
Or is there any physical condition
that prevents you from drawing, Jefri?
Nothing drew my attention this morning.
Nothing at all?
What about yesterday?
Two days ago?
I'll cut you some slack.
Draw whatever you want.
How does that sound? You got some slack.
Because everyone
has to understand you, right?
Come on.
What are you waiting for?
What a champ you are.
To have a reputation
for beating up a teacher at school.
You will get expelled.
As a school dropout,
the best you can hope for
is to become a parking guy.
An illegal parking guy.
But at least you get to prove
that your father's right about you.
Come on, then. Hit me.
What will you draw?
I don't know, I'm still thinking.
Did you draw this?
Yes.
It's good.
"It's good."
Time to go home.
Hey!
Slow down, okay? Sorry.
Thank you, sir.
-Can you please...
-Move!
You're dead.
-Sir.
-Yes.
-Hurry up, Khristo.
-Okay.
Khristo.
-Can you meet me after school?
-What for?
There's something we need to discuss.
I can't. I'm in a hurry.
I think you're not cut out for our gang.
-Why is that?
-What do you mean?
-You pray diligently and...
-This shithead.
-Wait, Anto.
-When did you see me do that?
He prays after fucking someone's daughter.
You mean his own cousin?
-Watch your mouth, man.
-Calm down, bro.
-Don't be like that.
-Calm down. Forget about it.
-It wasn't funny!
-Don't be so serious!
-Shithead.
-Forget it, man.
Fine, then. What did you do anyway?
Lots of things. I stole from stores.
I took their money and gold.
-His family's fucked up, man.
-What did they do?
You broke into some stores
and your father is corrupt?
As long as I don't knock up
someone's daughter.
-Fuck.
-And then pray and repent to God.
What's going on?
Just the usual stuff. What's up?
-Nothing new.
-Really?
He's in the trunk, Jef.
Open it. Are you guys ready?
-More than ready.
-Here we go.
Poor baby.
Open your eyes.
What a prick. Hey, open your eyes.
He's so rude.
He looked at us with only one eye.
-Open your eyes, sweetheart.
-Are you crying?
-Let's go!
-Hey, walk properly.
Walk properly, shithead!
-Sucker! I'll throw you off!
-What did I do?
Talk clearly!
Walk properly!
You're too slow. Move, shithead.
Fuck, he smells like a pig.
What did I do to you?
One of you pigs beat up my friend.
Come here!
-Walk, you pig!
-Stop talking!
More.
Come on, get up.
-Get up!
-You can do it.
-Punch him, To!
-Fucker!
He can take more!
Let's beat him some more!
-He's strong!
-Look at her!
Hey! Get him here.
Come on. Let's go!
I didn't do anything!
What did I do?
Just stay here and stop talking, okay?
So whenever my friends and I
are getting bored,
we have a pig to play with.
That's a great idea.
Just pray that we come back
to play with you soon.
-How will he?
-Or else you'll starve to death.
I wonder what that feels like.
So we're bringing him food now?
-We have to keep our pig farm, right?
-Fucker!
What did I do wrong, you bastards?
What do pigs eat?
-Bye!
-See you!
Help!
-Can I sit here?
-Sure.
What's wrong?
I was just wondering.
About what?
-Why do you want to teach here?
-Do you ask because I'm a woman?
You're not one of those men
who still thinks women can't handle
things the way men can, are you?
Not at all. It's just that you look sane.
It seems only insane people
are fit for this job.
You haven't seen how crazy I can get.
It's easier to be a female teacher here.
The boys don't hate me.
Really? Why is that?
They don't have to prove
whose balls are bigger.
They don't feel intimidated.
What about the delinquent female students?
The girls usually
just play along with the boys.
In other words, you don't acknowledge
women's emancipation.
Women can think for themselves.
They don't have to rely on men.
Yeah. Only for the good things.
When it comes to bad things,
that's all men's influence.
I also wonder why you teach here.
Do you ask because I'm Chinese?
Are you trying to hide something?
It's crazy how things are worse now
than when I was a kid.
What do you teach?
After I got my degree in Psychology,
I felt I needed a challenge.
And teaching here
has been my biggest challenge.
How has it been so far?
No one has died yet.
I heard there's a new bar in Chinatown.
And it's always full.
All the Chinese go there every night.
The Wijaya Bar.
Have you been there?
Yes.
I want to go.
Let's go.
Will you take me there?
Wijaya Bar!
What do you want to drink?
What do you want?
A negroni.
-One negroni, please.
-Beer.
Is it hard to make?
You won't be able to.
It certainly looks hard.
Is it getting too late for you?
I'm not married,
if that's where you're going.
No, I mean,
it really isn't too late for you, is it?
How long are you planning to stay?
Negroni, beer.
Thank you.
Not on me.
Why did you change schools?
Why?
Have you been snooping around?
Do you realize that people will tell you
anything without you asking?
I'm looking for someone.
What do you mean?
That's all I can tell you right now.
Are you an undercover cop?
No, I'm not.
But it could be a great job for a Chinese.
No one would suspect us.
-Let's dance.
-I can't.
I can't dance.
Quiet!
Turn up the volume!
Reportedly,
the inter-religion clash was sparked
after a small disagreement
between vendors in a market,
which spread into
a bigger issue in the city.
People fear another riot,
like the one that happened 17 years ago.
-Relax, it's still far away!
-Put the music back on!
Keep the music going!
Vera.
Vera! She needs to cheer up!
What was that?
I hope the riot won't spread
to other places.
We can't guarantee that.
Can't you say something
that'll reassure me a little?
Can't a psychologist reassure herself?
No, where did you hear that?
Well, our country is like…
the thinnest glass.
One tap and it breaks.
Or like gasoline. Flammable.
-You're taking the train home, right?
-Yes.
Isn't the station that way?
I'm walking you home first.
Is it because I'm a woman?
You're Chinese, you're at greater risk.
Let me walk you home instead.
And after that, you'll walk me home?
It'll be pointless.
So, we can go our separate ways,
hone our survival skills,
and if we survive tonight,
we'll meet at the school?
How does that sound?
Where are you going? He will be mad!
-We'll get ourselves in trouble, idiot!
-Shut up and sit still!
Don't you believe in Jefri?
Idiot!
Help him, Gerry!
Quick!
Stop here!
Are you gonna be okay?
-Are you all right?
-I'm fine.
Jefri's in the principal's office.
I'm heading there.
The principal wanted to see me.
What are you gonna tell him?
I'll tell him what I know.
Even if he gets expelled,
it won't solve the problem.
He'll still come after you.
Do you want me to lie
and defend Jefri, then?
I'm just saying
you should've avoided him from the start.
You're like the other teachers,
afraid of their own students.
Even if he comes after me,
at least it'll be my problem.
Not the school's problem anymore.
Tell me what happened last night.
After Miss Diana and I
went our separate ways,
I was attacked by someone.
Around 11:00 p.m.
Hey, where were you at that time?
At home, sir.
The man who attacked me took out a knife.
But I managed to stab him in the thigh
with his own knife.
It was self-defense.
Stand up.
Stand up!
Lower your pants.
Lower your pants!
All right.
Pack up your things.
Starting tomorrow, you don't have to come
to this school again!
-But, sir--
-Quiet!
Your parents should
never have given birth to you!
If you were my child,
I would've thrown you out a long time ago!
I've been the principal at this school
for ten years.
I have never expelled a student.
Expelling them means
you're giving up on them.
You've only been here for a few days,
and you've made me do
the thing I hate the most.
You're twice the age of these kids.
You should've been able to prevent
the situation from getting worse!
Allow me to return to class, sir.
What do we do now?
-I don't know, man.
-Good morning.
What, you fucker?
Morning.
Prepare your drawing tools
and please share this.
Okay. Does anyone else want to walk out?
All right then. Today we'll learn
about perspective in drawing.
-Are you sure?
-We use milk.
-Mother's milk?
-Only if it's fat-free.
Khristo.
I'm going to decorate
the classroom tomorrow.
For Independence Day.
-Can you help me?
-There's no school tomorrow.
I know, that's why I'm doing it tomorrow.
I want to put up your drawings.
Can you help me?
Can Rangga come with me?
Sure. Be here at 10:00 a.m.
What the hell?
I already have plans tomorrow.
Are you allowed to hold a service at home?
The churches are all closed!
Where else am I supposed to hold it?
But do you have permission
to hold it at home?
Do I have to ask for permission to pray?
It's me, Diana.
Yeah?
I want to apologize.
I think you did the right thing.
Can I see you?
Not now.
I'll be at school at 10:00 a.m. tomorrow,
putting up the kids' drawings
in the classroom.
We can meet there if you want.
Good night.
Sure.
-What are you so scared of?
-What?
-Scared of getting bum-fucked?
-Fuck you!
-You're crazy!
-It's fine. I'll protect you.
-Really?
-Yes, I'll watch you getting fucked.
Fuck you, man!
-Thank you for coming.
-Yes, sir.
Let's go.
His gaze is deep.
He wants you to hold his hand.
Shit. You're crazy!
I'll leave so you can have some privacy.
Edwin, Khristo, Rangga.
-What's wrong?
-Nothing.
I thought you were gay.
That's why I brought Rangga with me.
Just because you brought Rangga,
and I brought Miss Diana,
it doesn't mean I'm not gay.
What are we waiting for?
Weapons.
Damn! I can't wait!
Can't wait!
Hamdi.
This drawing is so bad.
It's not bad, he just didn't put
enough effort into it.
Put it up so he'll realize how bad it is.
I don't think he'll care, sir.
We're not kids anymore.
No one cares about art.
None taken.
What's your plan after this?
No idea, maybe a fitness coach?
We're interrupting the current program
to bring you breaking news on the riot
that occurred in--
-I have to go. My family's at home.
-Me too.
Who'll keep watch here?
Who cares? We don't get paid enough
to risk our lives.
The people upstairs? Do we tell them?
Just leave the gate open.
This is worse than the riot 17 years ago.
Leave it open.
-What if someone breaks in?
-It's okay.
-Okay.
-Let's go!
Those fuckers.
What?
-Shit!
-What's up?
-There's a riot!
-Where?
-Look.
All the pigs are being attacked.
-For real?
-For real!
Just look.
Put on the radio.
The riot is escalating rapidly.
There are only
a few police officers in the area.
We strongly recommend our audience
to stay at home
and communicate with your neighbors
to anticipate further developments.
Take that!
-Die, you pigs!
-Fuckers!
Do we have any thumbtacks left?
-Shoot.
-We ran out?
-There's none left.
-Yeah.
This one's lopsided.
I have this, but I don't have scissors.
Here, let me.
You can easily tear this, sir.
I don't think
we should be touching your saliva.
Better than using my ass.
Well, you can do that,
as long as it's wet.
Let me go check in the security room.
Hopefully there's a pair there.
I'll give you a million bucks
for every piece of duct tape you rip.
-I'll be back.
-Yeah.
Finally!
Fucker.
I heard your dad's into men?
-Shut your fucking mouth.
-Fine.
-What's up?
-I don't know, ask this fucker.
-Just ask him.
-You need help?
Dope!
-Be careful, they're sharp.
-Careful.
That's what I'm talking about.
Watch out.
I'll take this one.
-Let's go!
-Take this one too.
-Seriously, Jef?
-Take it.
-Here, try this one.
-Hey.
Pig!
Hey, pig!
As you can see,
things are getting out of control,
and we can't distinguish...
-Edwin!
-...the rioters from civilians...
Pig!
-Hey!
-Pig!
-Nothing.
The plan's going well, Jef.
Fucking security! Tell them to go home!
Sir! Jefri and his gang are coming here!
-They have machetes, crowbars and knives!
-Wait here.
-I'm coming with you!
-Let's go!
Pig!
You'll die today!
Edwin! Let's play!
Take the emergency exit upstairs.
I'll stall them.
-Quick!
-No, we must stick together!
They came for me.
It has nothing to do with you all!
Hey! Pig!
-Pig!
Quick!
Come with us!
Where are you, pig teacher?
Hey, pervert! Where are you hiding?
This way!
-Pig!
-It's locked.
-Are you sure?
The key's in the security room.
What's the point of an emergency exit
if it's locked? Come on!
-Let's play!
-There's a package for you!
Don't run like a pussy!
-Shithead!
-Come out!
It's locked.
Where are you, bastard!
Run!
Hey, pig!
Fuck!
Open the door!
Open the fucking door!
Pig!
Shit, there's no signal!
We shouldn't have run away.
We don't have problems with them.
My dad knows I'm here.
He'll come looking for me.
Your dad didn't bat an eye when you left
for two days. He won't come!
There's a riot.
I saw the news on the TV
in the security room.
Where are the guards?
They weren't there.
They must've gone home
because of the riot.
I'll go out there and face them.
Sir!
They'll leave you alone
when they get what they want.
It's me they want.
What do you think they came here for
with all those weapons?
One thing is for sure, they won't kill me.
They will kill you.
Why do you say that?
They've killed someone before.
At least, Jefri did.
I used to hang out with their gang.
One night, when I was alone with Jefri,
he was very drunk
and confessed to me he'd killed someone.
Who?
Ody Nugroho.
Jefri killed him?
-Why didn't you tell me?
-Keep it quiet!
I didn't believe him at first.
He emailed me the video from his cloud
to prove he killed Ody.
-But I never opened it.
-Why?
I was too scared. I was shocked!
If I delete the data,
I'll forget about it.
He sent you the video.
We only need to leak it
and it'll go viral.
It's not that easy, you fool!
I didn't see the video!
The face could be blurry!
-I didn't know why he sent it to me.
-Calm down, man.
He sent it to you
because he needed an audience.
Why didn't you go to the police?
I was very scared, miss.
If I'm not careful,
I'm sure Jefri will kill me too.
Right?
Let me see the video.
-What for?
-We have to know how fucked up he is.
Let's watch it.
He sent the video under an alias. Wait.
Here it is.
Watch this video, you shitheads.
Don't mess with me!
Shit, there's no signal.
Hey! Give me the pig,
and I'll let you all go home!
Don't do it, sir. Ignore them.
It's fine. I'm the one
they're looking for.
They will kill you,
and they won't let us live
because we're all witnesses.
Fuck!
What's that room?
The locker room.
There's no way out in there.
He's right.
-Wait, what are you going to do?
-No!
The front and back doors use the same key.
-The back door leads to the parking lot.
-He's right.
Come on, sir. Quick.
-Let me try.
-Come on.
It's clogged!
The number you have reached
is not in service.
Rangga!
-Excuse me!
-Yes?
I'm Rangga's father.
Is Rangga inside?
-Yes, sir.
-Yes, he's here. We'll take you to him.
-Do you want to come inside? Wait.
-Sure.
Please come inside.
Rangga!
Don't you know there are riots everywhere?
-We know, sir.
-Why don't you go home, then?
Your parents must be worried.
-Our parents told us to stay here.
-Yeah.
-They said it's safer here.
-How can it be safer?
You can see the smoke from here!
What are you doing here anyway?
We're doing homework together!
That's nonsense.
Why are you all here?
-Hello, sir.
-Where is Rangga?
-He's in there.
-Yes.
Rangga!
Dad! Run! Call the police!
Dad!
Rangga! Your dad is here for you, bastard!
Get out now or we will kill him!
Leave him alone!
Don't come out! Stay inside!
Take that!
Dad!
Fuck you, Gerry!
A riot that just erupted 15 minutes ago
is spreading through the city.
Looting and vandalism are happening
everywhere and rapidly,
taking us back to the riot
that happened 17 years ago.
Now we can see...
Calm down, Rangga.
-How can I do that?
-Calm down.
Even if I try to,
I will get killed myself.
-Calm down.
-What do I do?
It's too dangerous, Rangga. Be patient.
I'll go out there.
I'll go out.
What do you guys want?
I promise you,
none of us will tell the police.
If you let us go,
we promise...
We promise.
Please, before this goes too far.
-Please.
-Too far?
You mean after all of them are dead?
Jef, maybe...
Maybe he's right, Jef.
-Are you turning against me?
-Let me handle this, Jef.
You know he's a pussy, right?
He has no balls.
What the hell?
Don't be stupid.
What are you doing?
Dad!
Quit talking!
Hey, what's with you? Such a crybaby.
This is nothing
compared to what you've done!
Did you forget? Look here!
Look! Satisfied?
I didn't do that to you.
All parents are the same.
Go on, Gerry.
Jefri! You fucker! Bastard!
Jef!
Yes, pig?
What do you want?
I want you to get out!
Fine, I'll come out.
After you let all of them go!
I wonder how such an idiot like you
can be a teacher.
We've got this far,
how could I let them go?
Jef! Listen to me!
I'm…
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry if I was out of line
with all the things I said. I was wrong.
Okay? But think about your family.
They must be worried about you.
I'm sure they love you, Jef.
Enough! Shut up!
Fuck you!
Jef!
-This is all because of you!
-Hey! Rangga!
It's all because of you!
-Yes, it's all my fault.
-Fuck.
-Stop, Rangga!
-I'm sorry.
-Stop it!
Fuck you!
-Fuck you!
-Rangga!
My dad is dying out there because of you!
Calm down, Rangga!
Calm down.
Do you even know how it feels?
You open that door, and we all die.
Is that what you want?
Fuck this.
There are eight of them, right?
Yes, as I remember.
-Rangga.
-What?
Was that all of them
when you saw them come in?
Yes.
-You know all of them?
-Yes.
-Jefri, I'll come out.
-Then come out!
I will come out last,
after you let everyone go.
-That's bullshit.
-We talked about that.
No, Jef.
I'm the one you want! I'll come out!
So, how is this going to work?
You all back off.
Then Miss Diana, Khristo,
Rangga, and his dad will go.
Only after they're safe
outside of the school,
I'll come out.
How will you know if we all backed off?
Shout out your names one by one.
Are you seriously taking attendance?
Do you want me to come out or not?
Back off.
Back off!
Fuck this shit.
-Shitheads.
-Pigs!
Edwin, you pig!
We have backed off!
Now get out!
Get ready.
Say your names, one by one!
Dickhead!
-Jefri!
-Gerry!
-Reihan!
-Sim!
-Culap!
-Jay!
Anto!
You bitch!
Okay, now get them out, pig teacher!
The pig's finally out.
This fucker.
-Fuck!
-Hey!
You fucker!
-Dad...
-Are you okay?
Sit here, Dad.
Why?
Why didn't you let us out?
I don't trust those guys.
Fuck.
Rangga.
Mr. Edwin is right. They're dangerous.
No. I'm sorry, miss.
But it was the right plan!
Let's go home, Dad.
We must go home, Dad.
We'll go home, Dad.
My dad needs medical attention.
We have to get out, sir.
Jefri!
What now, pig?
I'm sorry.
We just wanted to make sure
Rangga's father was still alive.
-Son of a bitch!
-What a load of bullshit!
No, our deal is still on, Jef.
I will come out.
I don't trust you anymore.
You have to, Jef!
There's nothing else we can do,
but to get out. Believe me!
-Back off.
-They just came out.
-Again, Jef?
-Back off!
-How stupid.
-Shut your mouth.
-What is this?
-You know...
Okay. Get out now!
Don't make us say our names again,
you bitch!
No, Jef. Say your names one by one!
Fucker!
Jefri!
-Gerry!
-Reihan!
-Sim!
-Culap!
-Jay!
-Anto!
Get out, you motherfuckers!
-Rangga.
-What's this?
After you get out, open that door
from the outside. Can you do that?
-Can you?
-Sir!
If they took the keys,
we won't be able to get out.
Rangga, you will open the door, right?
-Ready?
-Let's do it.
Don't be scared.
Fucker.
I'll laugh if you fall.
I hope you trip.
What are we going to do now?
We need to make sure they get out safely.
They'll be safe.
Stay away, Jef.
Don't come any closer.
Relax.
-I'm not a liar like you, pig.
-Jef.
I'm not a pig.
I'm not a coward.
And I'm not one to easily lose a fight!
Wait until both of them get out, Jef!
Hey, they will be safe.
By the way, Mr. Edwin,
if they are safe, I want you to get out
and kiss my feet.
What's next?
We wait.
Edwin.
It's been 15 minutes.
Maybe he forgot?
Jefri.
Jef!
Jefri!
Yes, pig?
Rangga and his dad haven't left!
Who said that? They left ages ago.
No, they're still here!
Now you come out
and let's get this over with.
No! I know they're still here!
Are you calling me a liar,
or is this another trick of yours?
I know they're still here!
Fuck this shit.
Gerry! Come here!
Mr. Edwin!
You promised me, Jef!
Come on.
Just get out already.
Let's talk about this.
But only if you get out now!
Rangga!
We both know banging the door
won't do you any good.
Jef, he's not coming out.
There's no other choice.
We can't wait until tomorrow.
Reihan!
Jef, stop this.
Stop it, Jef.
-Get some gasoline.
-Where do I get gasoline?
From Gerry's car. Find a jerrican.
How about the hose?
Use your fucking mouth
or whatever necessary.
Quick!
What's your plan?
POLICE
Hey. What are you doing?
Sir.
This is...
My friend's car broke down.
Ran out of gas.
I'm taking some from this car.
-Whose car is this?
-It's mine, sir.
Do you have the car's papers?
Actually, this is my friend's car, sir.
Another friend of mine.
Then where are your friends?
-Which one?
-Both of them.
The one who owns this car
and the one who's run out of gas.
They're at school, sir.
-Is this your school?
-Yes, sir.
Show me your friends.
Right away, sir.
Unit 21.
Hold on. Yes, copy.
We need more help here.
Let's go.
Yes, roger that.
-Is this really your school?
-I swear.
If you don't believe me,
come here tomorrow. I'll be here.
Fine.
If you kids are going home,
take the south route. It's safer.
-Will do, sir.
-Fine.
Let's go.
If he wanted to steal,
he'd steal the car, not the gas.
What do you think?
Let's burn the school down.
Stupid.
If we burn it down,
then we also have to get out.
And there's no way for me
to make sure they're dead.
Idiot!
-So, what do we do, Jef?
-Fuck!
Edwin!
I'll count to five!
If you don't get out,
I'll set Rangga's dad on fire!
Please, Jef!
One!
Two!
Three!
Four!
No!
Five!
Out of the way!
Dad!
Dad...
Help!
Hey! Get him!
Rangga!
-Rangga!
-What, fucker?
You can't get out!
Where do you want to go?
You killed my dad!
-We know!
-My dad is dead!
-Yes, we know that!
-I don't have a dad anymore!
-Come join us.
-To hell with you!
-Calm down.
-No!
Fuck!
-Why did you do that, you fool?
-Shut up!
-Why did you kill him?
-He was going to stab you!
Why did you do that?
He was going to stab you!
You want to die too?
Protect your loved ones...
Fuck!
The life insurance we offer
will secure your family's future.
He was our friend!
Were we supposed to let him go?
Did you want him to report us to the cops?
Insurance for a brighter future.
Sim, are you crying?
Hey.
Are you crying?
Why are you crying?
I just want to go home, Jef.
Go home?
Do you want to join them there?
I just don't want...
I don't want anyone else to die.
You don't want anyone else to die?
Do you want to tell that
to all the people out there?
After this is over, what will you do?
Cry? Do you want to cry?
Just cry. Go on.
What a crybaby.
Don't cry.
Go on. Cry again.
Is that your plan?
-Report us to the cops?
-No, Jef.
-No.
-Then what's your plan?
Jef.
What's your plan now?
It's not my plan.
It's our plan.
We kill everyone in there.
Then we throw their bodies
into the burning buildings out there!
No one will know who killed them.
You got that?
Okay, Jef.
-You got that?
-Yes, Jef.
Who else wants to cry?
Who else?
There has to be a way out of here.
Don't follow us, Khristo.
Stay near the door
so they don't suspect anything.
Yes.
Hey. Stop! Stay near the door!
-I want to come too!
-No.
Bang the door from time to time
so they won't get suspicious. Go!
The principal was right.
I'm just another problem to deal with.
I shouldn't have come to this school.
And my goal wasn't even to teach.
What was it, then?
My sister was raped.
During the riots 17 years ago.
In front of my own eyes.
She got pregnant.
And she gave her son away.
Two years ago,
my sister died.
Acute pneumonia.
She had looked for her son before,
and she told me
there's a high chance that her son
attends a high school in the east.
Do you know his name?
She didn't say.
Today, I brought Khristo here to find out.
Find out what?
I think he's my sister's son.
Everyone in my family drew well,
and Khristo draws well.
Diana, Khristo must live.
Hey, pig.
Pig!
Do you know where this leads to?
No.
Do you know where the signal scrambler is?
-In the security room.
-Okay.
When I get there, I will turn if off.
You have a phone, right?
-Stand by. I'll call when it's off.
-Okay.
Be careful, Win.
Where are you going, Sim?
To pee.
I'll come with you.
Bring that.
Do you guys also want to pee?
Don't you need to guard the gym?
No need.
-Do you also want to pee?
-Yes.
Why do you bring a machete to pee?
You haven't been circumcised, right?
What are you doing?
Taking a dump.
Hey!
Jef!
Jef, stop!
Please, Jef!
Why did you kill him?
Didn't you want to pee?
I don't believe it.
Be quiet for now.
Where's Sim?
...in several areas in Jakarta.
The rioters, estimated to be
around 3,000 people,
are involved in unstoppable mass lootings.
The incident started earlier
this afternoon,
and remains uncontrollable as of now.
The crowds are very violent.
The shopping district in East Jakarta is
one of the most severely affected areas
where dozens of stores are being
destroyed and looted ruthlessly.
This situation escalated
when rioters threw
stones and Molotov cocktails
at police cars,
forcing the police to withdraw.
Civilians were left frightened
when these events unfolded.
Some have evacuated themselves
to safer areas.
We managed to interview a witness
who described this situation
as "hell street."
-Thank you for agreeing to speak with us.
-Yes, miss.
Could you tell us
what has been happening here?
At first, there was only a small crowd.
They were screaming
and holding up banners.
By noon, they grew in size
and turned chaotic.
They smashed windows,
destroying all in their path.
Poor shop owners can only run in fear.
I didn't see shop owners getting hurt,
they were only trying to
protect their shops.
There were many injured and scared.
How many people were involved
in the riot?
There were countless of them.
If I had to guess, I'd say there were
more than 1,000 on this street alone.
They were fearless, as if
this had been planned before.
Some were carrying wood, steel pipes,
even burning bottles.
They were rampaging as if nothing
mattered at all.
They will attack anyone who passed by.
Was there any police nearby
to control the situation?
They came with shields
to disperse the riots.
But soon after,
the rioters attacked the police.
I saw the police getting pelted with
stones, some even fell to the ground.
They eventually got outnumbered
and then retreated.
Then what about the other civilians, sir?
What did they do to protect themselves?
Pig.
Edwin!
Why are you guys so quiet in there? Pig?
Miss.
Hey!
We're here, Jef.
I'm talking to Edwin, not you.
Where's my pig teacher?
What are you guys planning to do there?
We're all here, Jef.
Not you, fucker! Edwin!
Why are you guys so quiet?
Figure out how to open the door.
What?
-Use your brain, idiot.
-Jef.
I once saw people use a blowtorch
in the science lab.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
-Why didn't you?
-I'm sorry, Jef.
-I just remembered.
-Quick, get it now.
Anto!
What are you doing? Go get it!
Edwin!
Here it is, Jef!
-Why are you giving it to me? Do it!
-I don't know how.
-I'll burn your fucking face!
-I'll do it.
Give that to me.
Where is Edwin?
Fuck!
You'll die!
-Fuck!
-Where did they go? Fucker!
Jef, look! The vent!
-Hey, Edwin!
-Edwin!
-Where? Fuck! Shit!
We have to spread out! Quick!
That fucker!
-Let's go.
-Whose blood is that?
We'll use the emergency exit upstairs.
I'm so sick of Jefri pushing us around.
Why don't you tell him that?
You don't have the guts, do you?
I mean, why is he
the proclaimed leader of the gang?
Can't you see that the kids
are sick of him already?
He's such a shithead.
I mean, they were close friends.
-You mean Sim?
-Yeah, Jefri and Sim.
-How could you kill your best friend?
-So what?
That shit ain't right.
So what?
I think Jefri did the right thing.
Watch your fucking mouth.
-What did I say?
-Sim is also our friend.
-Hey, Sim was--
-That doesn't mean--
Well, Sim deserved it,
because he was such a pussy. A coward.
But that doesn't mean he deserved
to be killed by his own friend!
Have you thought about that?
He was still our friend
no matter what, shithead!
Talk about a pussy and a coward...
My dad is also a fucking coward.
He's a bigger pussy!
-But not like my dad!
-Fuck fathers!
Motherfuckers!
If my dad were a decent man,
I wouldn't be here at all!
I wouldn't be locked up
in this school! Fuck!
My dad is the biggest motherfucker!
This is the emergency exit key.
When it's safe, get out!
-Where are you going?
-I'll distract them.
When there's a signal,
call me immediately.
Keep the phone on silent mode.
You can use mine.
We'll use Miss Diana's phone.
Be careful, sir.
Who is the shittiest one?
-Our preys, you bitch!
-Fuck! Shit!
Fucker!
-Edwin!
Bitch! Shit! Fucker! Fuck!
Who's that?
-We after him?
-Mr. Fuckhead!
Fucker!
Viewers, I'm now at the heart
of the riot in Central Jakarta.
And it looks like the situation
is spiraling out of control.
Hey.
Thousands of rioters,
estimated over 3,000 people
continue to vent their anger
in violent outbursts.
Just a moment ago, I witnessed them
destroying public facilities.
Streetlights, bus stations were destroyed.
This hasn't gone too far yet.
We can still get out of this together.
Help me rescue the others. Come on.
-It's too late, you fucker!
-Motherfucker!
-Quick, To!
-Fucking teacher!
Anto!
-That's enough.
-Die, you fucker!
Die, bitch!
Fucker!
Die!
Go search for them right away.
Fucking pig!
Come here, pig!
I want to get out of here.
I'm not cut out for prison.
How can we get out anyway?
There's a riot out there.
If someone messes with me,
I'll tell them who my dad is.
Just give your dad's corruption money
to the poor, so it becomes halal.
He does that all the time already.
As long as he make the news.
I want to be a hacker
so I can steal from the rich
and give to the poor.
I don't want to be like my corrupt dad.
Fuck this shit.
Enough.
Let's end this.
Motherfucker!
Hold on to me! Throw your weapons away!
Throw it and hold on to me!
Pig!
Gerry!
We can leave now, miss.
-You need to know something about Edwin.
-What?
He didn't come here to teach,
but to search for his nephew.
Has he found him?
-He thinks you're his nephew.
-What?
I can't be his nephew, it's impossible.
How do you know?
My mom works overseas in Malaysia.
My father is Malaysian.
I was born there.
You don't know for sure, right?
I know for sure I'm not his nephew.
Unless his nephews are twins.
What do you mean?
I had an identical twin brother.
When my brother was ten,
he died in an accident.
After that, my family and I moved here.
Enough, Jef.
Let's get out of here together.
-Come on, Jef.
-Fuck you!
You die! Die!
Lick it!
You disgusting fuck! Get off me!
-Enough, Jef!
-You disgusting fuck!
Disgusting! Hey! Help!
-Hey!
-All of you, stop!
Help me.
We must get out now.
You trust me, right?
Follow me.
You'll be safe and sound.
-Yeah? Okay? Let's go!
-Let's go.
Do you want to die for nothing,
or go to jail?
Think about your families!
He's a murderer! You guys are not!
You still have a future! Get out, now!
You go first. Come on!
-You go first. I have to help Mr. Edwin.
-No, miss!
We'll get help.
-But Mr. Edwin--
-No, miss!
If I go alone, I will get caught!
Please. It's dangerous, miss! Come on!
Let's go!
Help me. Hey!
Culap!
Dotty!
Don't you dare leave me alone, Dotty!
Dot! Come here, Dotty!
Dotty! Dot!
-Jefri, enough.
-Fuck you!
Why do you behave
like a devil's incarnate, Jef?
What did I do wrong?
What did I do?
What did I do wrong? Die!
I didn't do anything wrong!
Jef!
Jef.
Jefri.
Jef... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Jef, I'm sorry.
Jef.
Jef!
In the east
the sun begins to shine brightly
Rise up, stand up, my friends
Join our march in unity
For all the youth of Indonesia
You said I'm Chinese?
-Jef.
-Well, you're right!
My mom was Chinese.
She was gangraped.
-Are you happy now?
-Jef...
I have many fathers.
I'm like a pool of jizz.
Like garbage!
Are you happy now, bitch?
Fuck you, all!
-Hey! There's a Chinese here!
-A Chinese!
Get him!
Get in! Quick!
Get in now!
The situation is worsening
ever since the riot started this morning.
This is the worst riot ever.
Nobody understands
why this riot started in the first place.
I can only do what I can to help.
I'll drop you off somewhere safe.
Then I'll go back to save the others.
I'm Panca.